Professor Hodgkinson teaches in a way that is very applicable to real life and has many project based learning assignments.
Prof. Hodgkinson did an amazing job at giving us an introduction to computing. He encourages us to use AI as a tool for better learning, and designs the assignments so that we can work with AI in a way where we do the critical thinking and AI only assists us with the robotic and repetitive part of the code. He also encourages us to take on personal projects, as those are the things that will make us stand out to employers when we apply for jobs. Truly a good professor and forward looking.
I found drop in hours very effective to fix assignments and get all of my questions answered.
Bobby Hodgkinson was a phenomenal instructor and really helped me understand how coding works. He was very good at simplifying the language into terms the students could understand and could relate to. For a small class there was quite a bit of participation and he was always around to answer questions. The only thing I wish was different was more material to practice what we learned. I often felt as if we would scratch the surface of concepts, but not have much application to reinforce what was learned. I really enjoyed how this class was set up and never felt too stressed or freaked out about it. He treated us like adults and didn't feel the need to micromanage or constantly check our progress. With the assignments and projects, we were allowed to work at our own pace as long as we got it done before the due date.
I loved the way that the course approached learning through an adaptive lens, using different forms of technology and teaching to address the students experience of learning. Mr. Hodgkinson was extremely helpful in addressing different learning styles, while providing a well-paced course that allowed me to build a basic foundation for MATLAB skills, which I then was able to use on my own in order to create a project that challenged and enhanced my skills. Ultimately, Mr. Hodgkinson provided a very well passed course that developed my programming skills and thinking properly.
Great class
prof.hodgkinson is excellent Open to listen, help and guide if you need it. The class structure is good it feels a little rush at the beginning and then slow last weeks.
The tier grading system that Professor Hodgkinson formulated was great! I will say sometimes getting feedback was difficult and I think the courses design might have played a part in that. Although it gave me the opportunity to critically think for myself as to what I might have done incorrectly, it sometimes felt like I was teaching myself. There were moments where I felt my questions or comments I made were too "dumb" even though this is an intro course and a lot of us did not have any prior experience with any sort of coding program or coding in general. Professor Hodgkinson is extremely knowledgable in the subject matter, however, I just hoped that certain mannerisms were avoided so that I felt it was a safe environment to ask questions.
Thank you for your teaching this semester! First of all, I thought this class was very novel and unlike anything else I've take, that made this class engaging and allowed my to get invested in the subject material. I thought the use of Gen. Ai was used well and it worked well, especially the code interview chatbot. For me, the MATLAB academies were a little excessive, a great deal of material learned in them wasn't really utilized. I liked the academies themselves though, I thought they were effective in teaching the subject material they were teaching. I thought the code interviews were unique and worked pretty well, I definitely preferred the two that were about commenting on and presenting my own code just because I was able to go into a bit more depth on them. Overall, I liked how this class was set up and I thought it was ran smoothly and effectively.

